[Go docs] add Activity dependency sharing note (#658)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/how-to-develop-an-activity-definition-in-go.md

/>
-->

**Other notes for developing Activities**

All native features of the Go programming language can be used within an Activity and there are no other limitations to Activity Definition logic:

> - **Performance**: Keep in mind that all parameters and return values are recorded in the execution history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Performance**: Keep in mind that all parameters and return values are recorded in the [Workflow Execution Event History](/docs/content/what-is-an-event-history).
```

>   A large execution history can adversely impact the performance of your Workflows as the entire history is transferred to your workers with every event processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A large Workflow Execution Event History can adversely impact the performance of your Workflow Executions, as the entire Event History is transferred to Worker Processes with every [Workflow Task](/docs/content/what-is-a-workflow-task).
```
